feat!: Refactor module to use maps instead of lists (#305)
terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-alb: UPGRADE-9.0.md

          }]

          conditions = [{
            query_string = {
              key   = "video"
              value = "random"
            }
          }]
        }
      }
    }

    http-weighted-target = {
      port     = 81
      protocol = "HTTP"
      weighted_forward = {
        target_groups = [
          {
            target_group_key = "lambda-with-trigger"
            weight           = 0
          },
          {
            target_group_key = "instance"
            weight           = 100
          }
        ]
      }
    }

    fixed-response = {
      port     = 83
      protocol = "HTTP"
      fixed_response = {
        content_type = "text/plain"
        message_body = "Fixed message"
        status_code  = "200"
      }
    }

    https = {
      port                        = 443
      protocol                    = "HTTPS"
      ssl_policy                  = "ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08"
      certificate_arn             = module.acm.acm_certificate_arn
      additional_certificate_arns = [module.wildcard_cert.acm_certificate_arn]

      forward = {
        target_group_key = "lambda-with-trigger"
      }

      rules = {
        cognito = {

>           actions = [

Author: yes - any of the networking resources tend to get very gnarly with just miles of nested maps. I actually created an AppMesh module awhile ago but after seeing such deeply nested maps everywhere, I felt like that wasn't going to do any good so it never saw the light of day 😅 (see snippet below)

I think this starts getting into the specific examples/blueprints territory - a few questions for you:
1. Do we want to show actual examples or just snippets in docs
2. Should that be added in this PR or follow up

Ugly, deeply nested maps 🙈 
![image](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-alb/assets/10913471/3d50afd7-c01c-4bb6-adb6-b6b545939b0f)

>           actions = [

Reviewer: Nested maps are, unfortunately, the best solution. We can help users by showing snippets in the docs.

Let's update README in the root module and show how to use this module "in general for ALB" and include multiple small chunks of configurations to illustrate different "actions" (forward, redirect, fixed-response, etc).

>           actions = [

Author: I've updated the main README to show some examples and then I added this https://github.com/bryantbiggs/terraform-aws-alb/blob/refactor/for-each/docs/patterns.md to start collecting contributions on usage patterns from the community. I'll open an issue to signal this and see if we get an Hacktoberfest contributors to these usage patterns! (ALBs and NLBs aren't my wheelhouse so, struggling a bit in the usage pattern area here 😅 )

        enabled             = true
        interval            = 30
        path                = "/healthz"
        port                = "traffic-port"
        healthy_threshold   = 3
        unhealthy_threshold = 3
        timeout             = 6
        protocol            = "HTTP"
        matcher             = "200-399"
      }

      protocol_version = "HTTP1"
      target_id        = aws_instance.this.id
      port             = 80
    }
    lambda-with-trigger = {
      name_prefix                        = "l1-"
      target_type                        = "lambda"
      lambda_multi_value_headers_enabled = true
      target_id                          = module.lambda_with_allowed_triggers.lambda_function_arn
    }
    lambda-without-trigger = {
      name_prefix              = "l2-"
      target_type              = "lambda"
      target_id                = module.lambda_without_allowed_triggers.lambda_function_arn
      attach_lambda_permission = true
    }
  }
}
```

## Terraform State Moves

### Listener(s)

Each listener will need to be migrated using the index position in v8.x to the key of the listener in v9.x - see example state move commands below:

```sh

> tf state mv 'module.alb.aws_lb_listener.frontend_http_tcp[0]' 'module.alb.aws_lb_listener.this["default"]'

Author: whoops 😅  - fixed in https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-alb/pull/305/commits/522c07009fa3cc79200886990f3ab8ba1ac76231

```

### Target Group(s)

Each target group will need to be migrated using the index position in v8.x to the key of the target group in v9.x - see example state move commands below:

```sh
terraform state mv 'module.alb.aws_lb_target_group.main[0]' 'module.alb.aws_lb_target_group.this["instance"]'
terraform state mv 'module.alb.aws_lb_target_group.main[1]' 'module.alb.aws_lb_target_group.this["lambda-with-trigger"]'
terraform state mv 'module.alb.aws_lb_target_group.main[2]' 'module.alb.aws_lb_target_group.this["lambda-without-trigger"]'
```

### Lambda Permission(s)

Each lambda permission will need to be migrated using the <index.key> position in v8.x to the key of the lambda permission in v9.x - see example state move commands below:

```sh
terraform state mv 'module.alb.aws_lambda_permission.lb["2.lambda_without_allowed_triggers"]' 'module.alb.aws_lambda_permission.this["lambda-without-trigger"]'
```

### Security Group Rule(s)

The security group rules have been changed from the `aws_security_group_rule` resource to the new `aws_vpc_security_group_ingress_rule`/`aws_vpc_security_group_egress_rule` resources.

> If you do not wish for the rules to be recreated during the upgrade, you will need to remove the existing rules from the Terraform state, and re-import (you cannot `terrraform mv` across

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not wish for the rules to be recreated during the upgrade, you will need to remove the existing rules from the Terraform state, and re-import (you cannot `terrraform state mv` across
```

> different resource types). For example, for one rule you would perform the following given the following code snippets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different resource types). For example, for one rule, you would perform the following snippet:
```
